There huddled love
and fostered a token monster
I have to love it
From "Didn't work" to "I hesitated"
Why is it always me?
Thinking like that, bath time went by in a blink
All were beautiful but I hated them all
No matter how hard I try, I'm an ordinary guy
My whole life goes bibbidi-bobbi-boo
I'm uttering something helpless in a daydream
I'm gonna pop one last question of the century
What if she hates it?
…And then some, I'm thinking
Did she laugh?
Did love rush here…?
I must love it
From "Didn't work" to "I was scared"
Why is it always you?
Thinking like that, I'm tired of injury time
I hated them all, I hated them all
Not a big deal; it's like that in most cases
This time again, are we ending at my turn?
Talking about stability, relationship is somehow
ambiguous and uncool, but I'm so into you
But you'll never know
Probably we're still short of something
Your restless emotions
Welcome to spill them out, this and that
I'm absolutely mad about you
I'm addicted to you, my universe
There's nothing I can do, so unwillingly enough
let's escape to some unknown star
No matter how hard I try, I'm an ordinary guy
My whole life goes bibbidi-bobbi-boo
I'm uttering something helpless in a daydream
I'm gonna pop one last question of the century
What if she hates it?
…And then some, I'm thinking about
…And then some, I'm thinking
Rain fell; waiting for the night to fall
she turned into a wind
What is happiness?
I have no clue to difficult things!
Rain fell; waiting for the night to fall
she turned into a star
What is happiness?
I no longer have a clue about you!
What if she hates it?
…And then some, I'm thinking